[FLINK-15189][hive][doc] Add documentation for hive view (#10701)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/hive/read_write_hive.md

{% endhighlight %}

### Querying Hive views

If you need to query Hive views, please note:

> 1. You have to switch to the Hive catalog before you can query views in that catalog.

Reviewer: What do you mean?

Author: Users need to make sure Hive catalog is the current catalog, otherwise the underlying tables cannot be resolved.

Reviewer 2: maybe just rephrase as following?

```suggestion
1. You have to use the Hive catalog as your current catalog before you can query views in that catalog. It can be done by either `tableEnv.useCatalog(...)` in Table API or `USE CATALOG ...` in SQL Client
```

Reviewer: Of cause we need hive catalog or use `catalog.database.table`. I think this sentence is a little redundant...

Reviewer: I think you should add a reason to tell reader why...
